Euzubillahi minneşşeytanirracim
Bismillahir Rahmanir Rahim
Elhamdu Lillahi Rabbul Alemin
Suphan Allahi Azim ve Bihamdihi
Velhamdulillah
Ve La ilahe illallahu Allah u Ekber 
La ilahe ill ALLAHu vahdehu(Esma ul Husna) la şerike leh,lehul mulku ve lehul hamdu.
Seyyidina Ve Nebiyyina Muhammeden Abduhu ve Rasuluhu ve Habibihi(s.a.v)
Allahu Ekber Ve Lillahil  Hamd


about thinking 
importance of thinking in İslam 

Allah Suphana hu we Teala has been created human with property of belief

Definitions


Hikmet : A part of the real wisdom
Tebliğ : To invite someone to the reality which is İslam
Vesvese : What the Satan says when you are trying to pray to Allah
Cemaat : Our Society




about the real morality and imposiblety of unconditional goodness 

The real goodness is just the one that being do for the sake of Allah Suphana hu we Teala .
When you 




The morality of Qur'an of Kerim Allah teaches and prophet Muhammed peace be upon him has lived.
The fundamental : The Mercy of Allah have surrounded everything.

 
* Not being rude is important in İslam

How to behave to young generations

Only Allah knows who is better then the other in people.


The right measures of relationship between women and man as rules of Şeria

Non muslim countries are trying to show İslam not peaceful and they are founders are terorrist foundations like IŞID or else.İsrail is preparing its and with this dirty plans.

The horny philosophers are  greatest liers and  effected societies should prepare eachother for the hellfire euzubillah.

Every one is sinner the point is not being hopelles for the mercy of Allah.

Only Allah Suphana hu we Teala can create and destroy.
Allah is Exalted.
Allah is Ehed i Hamidun Mecid i Haq i Baqi i Xalıq i Bari i Rahman i Rahim i Kerim i Vehhab i Tevvab

One you think he or she is a bad person is maybe better then you only Allah Suphana Hu we Teala knows. Everyone must have  to behave with this approach.
For the sake of Allah being kind is real kindness.

The self-develompent based ideas are not enough for peace of humanbeing instead of this what human must have to do is searching realtiy with the real sources of religion İslam  not what is being talked about İslam.

About
Communication 


Globalisation of World is by one side a tool for researching objectively if sincerely one is research the real reality.



All languages are ayah of Allah Suphana Hu we Teala. 





the clear friendship is also a favour of Allah Suphana Hu we Teala .
Beauty is also a favour that Allah Suphana Hu we Teala.


Honesty is greatest moral action

relationship 


"Life and death are favours of Allah Suphana Hu we Teala." inşAllah i will read all of the Qur'an of Kerim Allah. 

Allah Suphana Hu we Teala has been created us but Allah Suphana Hu we Teala doesnt need us never for sure Allah Suphana doesn't need anything Allah Suphana Hu we Teala  is Self - Sufficient.




Mercy and protection of Allah is freely for muslims its not because of our deeds. Allah Suphana Hu we Teala just gives goodness(evil is because of the satan ,euzubillahimnneşeytanirracim evil is all what satan say for sure ,and because of  human itself sometimes not because of nature of human but because of cruelty and uncontrol of desires  of human .(detailed  explanation inşAllah will be made  ))Giving of Allah is all-good and freely because Allah Suphana Hu we Teala is Vehhab i Hamidun Mecid i Evvel i Axır i Azim i Ehed i Ferd i Xalıq i Rahmanir Rahim.  
. Allah Suphana Hu we Teala has been created evil but Allah Suphana Hu we Teala never commands falsehood.
Allah Suphana Huwe Teala is the First and the Last .



Allah knows everything.There is nothing that Allah Suphana Hu we Teala doesn't know. 



Allah is the Greatest and Allah Suphana Hu we Teala is the best of those who shows mercy.





i seek refuge in Allah Suphana Hu we Teala from the evil of the accursed satan.


Human with cruelty punishes to himself or her self 

İslam is the reality 
Family is very very importing in İslam 

"Your Lord is never forgetful" Sureyah Meryem. Sadaq ALLAH ul Azim for that ayah and for all of Qur'an of Kerim Allah.


There are three great sins in İslam 
1  assosicating partners with Allah
2  killing someone without a reason
3  relationship without marriage





i seek refuge in Allah from the all evil of all Satans.

i am alittle bit tired because of being in the outside of home until evening.
Elhamdulillah i am still a young muslim

Time passes,death is coming for sure only Allah Suphana Hu we Teala knows the time of every servants death.Here i am sitting with a person  i assume that i know but him. But only Allah Suphana Hu we Teala knows hearts.I know a little bit of what i see maybe.

We should never have behave according to what we have  seen for sure. 
There is no  respectable one but Allah. All others are creation of Allah Suphana Hu we Teala therefore only for the sake of Allah Suphana Hu we Teala one must have to respect .


the real reasons of actions are not as known İslam says the reality but human isnt honest



Heaven is  the future of the honest people those are muslim may Allah us in write in this group

i seek refuge in Allah Suphana Hu we Teala from hell
may Allah protect me and all ummet from hellfire with mercy and grace.


Night is different than morning.Source of this knowledge is the  Qur'an of Kerim Allah. 
i seek refuge in Allah Suphana Hu we Teala 




 






Allah is El Gani i Samed Allah is The Rich and Self Sufficient Allah does not need anything.What we do will be just for us.

 
good morning elhamdülillah bedawitirin i woke up as like yesterda .
people of agıri are good. Sometimes they fight each other sometimes it is nececcary. Economical issues always being talked. 
Lie is bad
How many sentences can i write
My mother and father may Allah Suphana Hu we Teala forgive them are dead

 Mountains very important on the earth for the physicial balance of world.

Selfishness is evil 
Desire of favour makes human cruel

For human providing justice is impossible. For example beauty intelligence or wealth is with measure and justice given to human by Allah Suphana Hu we Teala.


Pain is many times because of greedy of human.

Life is always enough for happiness for a believer thereafter this shortly  life is also very beautiful but human does not say enough anytime.
if one have a car will want being sad because of not having a better car
always the better one even it is best human wants more thats cruelty and this is the real explanation of pain 
.Allah Suphana Hu we Teala has given everything freely and always more than our needs very very more than







West culture  not exists there is no culture in the West maybe in the history there was but not now. The situtiation of individual in West of World, where known as center freedom, is characterless valueless lawer than animal that is how they lives. 
Not having rules is too law even for animals. An animal has a frame in enjoyment for instance they dont have sexual relationship in every time and there are fantesy of them. Meusure and system is in all animals but people of West has no rules so all animals are valuable than the horny societies. Nature of human of West is broken. They enjoy what they must not by nature and they doesnt  enjoy what they must by the nature of human.




Qur'an says religion is for protecting nature of human from breaking.
Elhamdulillah kesira
inşAllah we will talk about emotions.

Allah Suphana Hu we Teala is greater than my mistakes when i am talking about mercy of Allah Suphana Hu we Teala.



Solitude  is cruelty sometimes maybe and pain is not valueble always sorrow is also sometimes not important in the reality and not ethical


i should have rest because today was exhausting.
Anxiety is because of the exhaust of brain




greedy of human is the rigth reason the real reson of every problems in the earth.





