Euzubillahi minneşşeytanirracim
Bismillahir Rahmanir Rahim
Elhamdu Lillahi Rabbul Alemin
Suphan Allahi Azim ve Bihamdihi
Velhamdulillah
Ve La ilahe illallahu Allah u Ekber
La ilahe ill ALLAHu vahdehu la şerike leh,lehul mulku ve lehul hamdu.
Seyyidina Ve Nebiyyina Muhammeden Abduhu ve Rasuluhu ve Habibihi(s.a.v)
Allahu Ekber Ve Lillahil  Hamd


Elhamdulillah ya Vedud i Samed  i Gani i Quddus i Xalıq i  Bari i Azim  i Kerim i Vehhab bedawitirin
Elhamdulillah ya Rezzak ı  Vedud i Evvel i Axır i Hamidun Mecid Azim i Ehed

Elhamdulillah ya Gani i Samed i Tevvab i Vehhab bedawitirin
Elhamdulillah Ya Quddus i Hamidun Mecid i Ehed i Kerim i Rahman i Rahim i Vehhab bedawitirin
Elhamdulillah ya Tevvab i Mutekebbir i Quddus i Vehhab i Rahman i Rahim i Kerim bedawitirin

Elhamdulillah ya Vali i Mumin i Muheymin i Vehhab i Samed i Gani bedawitirin

Elhamdulillah ya Mumin i Gani i Hamidun Mecid i Ehed bedawitirin
Elhamdulillah ya Afu i Vehhab  bedawitirin
Suphan Allah i Rabbul Alemin
EL HAMDU LİLLAHİ RABBUL ALEMİN
Elhamdulillah ya Allah u Alem bedawitirin


All of the universe is a system that Allah Suphana Hu we Teala has created. Galaxies,stars…

A system consists from objects and relationships. 

Human is a system as a creation. Society is a system. 

i should write my own dictionary may be 

Eng to eng
A
add : adding something to something changing the old one by this process for example : add one more line to your text.
abort : cancellation, rejection. ex : abort the installation
accident : at the end one who has accident bacomes hurted. falling down .to break somewhere of body or to break a car in the traffic .a result of some mistakes.
acceleretion : A term of physics. change of speed or  volume per the moment. relationship between time  and speed:speed divided by time square.
angel : A creation of Allah Suphana Hu we Teala. ex: Cebrail a.s
arrive: finishing travel end of the way 
brother: son of same  father and mother. 
both : including two options
cell : to give something and take money for ,half of commerce
.
commerce : buy and cell

can : a modal , a gramatical object
cold :  a stutiation of wheather . Opposite to hot
cruel :one who is ungrateful to Allah Suphana Hu we Teala. bad servant

day : A measure of time ,24 four or  before night when sun is up.
do : make
devil : Satan .i seek refuge in Allah from the Satan
derrivative: a term of math
divorce : the most unlovely helal, end of marrige. leave of husband and wife. pain for children
evil : saying of satan .i seek refuge in Allah from the Satan
destroy : Only Allah Suphana Hu we Teala can destroy and can create.
essential :fundamental, basic

existence : 




 