Euzubillahi minneşşeytanirracim
Bismillahir Rahmanir Rahim
Elhamdu Lillahi Rabbul Alemin
Suphan Allahi Azim ve Bihamdihi
Velhamdulillah Kesira
Ve La ilahe illallahu Allah u Ekber 
La ilahe ill ALLAHu vahdehu la şerike leh,lehul mulku ve lehul hamdu.
Seyyidina Ve Nebiyyina Muhammeden Abduhu ve Rasuluhu ve Habibihi(s.a.v)
Allahu Ekber Ve Lillahil  Hamd




Lets talk about economy a little bit. This short life doesnt worth to calculation because Allah Suphana Hu We Teala is the real owner of this World and Allah Suphana Hu We Teala is the real owner of the heavens of thereafter for forever from the begining
.

Sometimes human forgets death and thereafter 

Reading books isnt something valuable but thinking and langue are as favours are valuable .Elhamdulillah for those favours and Elhamdulillah for all of the mercy and grace and for all of the favours.



Musics changes reality in the mind of human and shows stutiations tragical uploads emotions which is not exists in the reality. This seems simple but effects are greater then view for  example suicide is mostly a result of the combination of alcohol or something similar to it an music. 
People  should not  laugh to  everything . This also seems well but this is a game of the satan. Quality of jokes actually there isnt a quality in this enjoyment of this century always morelikehood and measureless,is lost.


Poetry is just lies that authors earns money with their lies . They  always shows everything with oneside and shows this side much more tragedical because they thinks realism is passimism.As much as they lie better they becomes famous.

 
May be should translate something to english for improving my knowledge of english. Listening is also 





Weare on the july or the next of this .


one of the most dangereous things to show off.
I hate Europe and Usa if  they deserve this i am sure

Be careful against  all danger
Danger is deserving the punishment of Allah Suphana Hu We Teala .One should repent after sin even if it is a great sin because undoubtly Allah Suphana Hu We Teala is Tevvab ı Samed i Azim i Hamidun Mecid i Ehed i Mutekkebbir, All-Forgiving .




We don't know about soul except a little knowledge,we don't know anything except what Allah Suphana Hu We Teala has teached us.










We don't know ourselves but Allah Suphana Hu We Teala knows.


one can't think fine about anything that he or she doesnt write says geothe he is not a referance forsure but this opinion of him sounds logical.There are only two referance :Qur'an of Kerim Allah and saying of messenger of Allah Suphana Hu We Teala .



I am from Agıri of from Diyadin from the Village Bozo. We live in the city center.





Pkk is cruel like Turkey .Those foundations are based on the continious hellfire may Allah Suphana Hu We Teala save us as Elhamdulillah muslims.

 

Self control is a purpose for us in this world as a preparetion for paradise. Entering to paradise is the aim of us Elhamdulillah we are muslim therefore every moment is very very important.
 
Elhamdulillah I am working on kurdish language as a kurd and i am Elhamdulillah good at my language.

Humankind is
As a creation of Allah Suphana Hu We Teala  one  of the most complicated thing.For sure all of the creation of Allah Suphana Hu We  Teala is perfect. 

Cruel humankind is the reason of unhappiness and the Satan is the most cruel ,for sure Satan deserves punishment for forever and got what deserved for sure.


Relationships between humankind whether in family or society saddens person because of the Satan and cruelty of humankind. We as Elhamdulillah muslims should seek refuge in Allah Suphana Hu we Teala from all also from unhapiness.




Allah Suphana Hu We Teala is alone and we only worship and we ask for help  only from Allah Suphana Hu we Teala.
Poorness is because of laziness of human usually.Everyone will receive the reward for their labor for sure.









This life is a test ,an exam the other life i mean thereafter is the real life is as Qur'an of Kerim Allah includes in the many verses .





Tomorrow if inşAllah i live ,i am free from the job that three days i was busy with








Poetry of World is a collection of lies from different nationality because what they say poetry is art of lieing.


Madness is not because of intelligence always, i think 




Elhamdulillah i am improving my language knowledge in arabic
May Allah Suphana Hu we Teala increase my knowledge and make me thankful and grateful.


our house has many Windows and doors and rooms.it is wide

words are 8 type. Verbs,names,





   


